we certainly as a team want to figure out like how can we make python a great choice for agents and
so like how should the language and the tooling evolve right and like we've thought you know for
example we've thought a lot about building our own like test infrastructure or um or even like
should we do our own runtime like something that makes very different trade-offs um uh those are
obviously all very hard problems but the question is like what if we wanted python to be a great
choice or remain a great choice for agents like i think we kind of have a responsibility to try
to solve some of those problems and like make it a better choice like i'd love to do um you know
standalone binaries like just for example like we should we should absolutely like kind of like what
you can do with like bun and java yeah we should absolutely just like make that like possible um
and there's no reason we can't it's just a question of like prioritization and i'm sure
there will be trade-offs and whatever else but you know i think i think what i would i would say
is like we're trying to learn about how to build software with agents and like what's required i
think it'll probably impact our roadmap a lot in terms of the problems we choose to take on
i think it will also be the case that like the way people make decisions about what programming
language to use will be like super different it might not be the case that most people are writing
most of their code with agents this year i'm not sure if the distribution will happen that fast
but like i think it's important to be when you think about building tools it's like that's like
what software is gonna software is gonna be like really different and um and so i want to fold that
into our roadmap i want to fold that into how we think about what we're building like even if we
choose say like actually like we're going to build this other tool that has nothing to do with
python like i'm even open-minded to that because it's like what's just what's the thing that's
going to make people like more productive